hey what's up their dog scruffy hair hey
I'm gonna be scrappy will swiffer wetjet
thing first thing take this juice out
that goes got one of you so I'll give
her this get some batteries here just
just check it out break that off his
plastic break this thing look somehow
just like that stupid hos holding it
this is all plastic alright get these
screws out of here she first type break
it down somehow this will come out all
right here we go take these screws out
piece this piece
she's gonna get this piece of plastic
out of there this is extruded aluminum
right here help me get that piece of
plastic out of there though and you
might have to stay in there we got some
wire here next one this year plastic two
little pieces of brass right here take
them out just for the hell of it boom
boom this is all plastic crap now in
here hey I got plastic plastic
some hoes car preparing motor take this
motor out of here things on it really
that worth to pick up like I wouldn't go
out of my way let's pick these things up
what you guys watch it screws in this
spring gonna be steel no it's not this
probably non-magnetic thing I steal the
spring like I'm saying I want to go out
of my way to pick these things up the
reason why I picked it up I was out of
stop holding some other stuff and it was
there so I figure when I take it screws
that his motor out
all right wasting my time with the
screws topper bang moment even with the
plastic I I'm just gonna leave it there
cut these two pieces of wire off boom
but just thing back real quick so off
the peg board there we go all right wire
pull that string on daddy yes
I try to hit away I hammer see what that
pose all right nice piece of extruder to
warm up this thing the hell this is
about plastic all right tools back show
you it once inside of a swiffer wetjet
all right check it out we got wire
inside of a swiffer wetjet good nice
spring here I'm gonna call it
non-magnetic stainless steel it's a
little bit too heavy to be aluminum and
we got three pieces of extruded aluminum
and motor where the fuck detector and do
as a motor so it was the dollar fell
behind the desk so we get a motor
through the woman I'm spring and wire
let's return a swiffer wetjet the dog
scrap amount